README.rst, before:

Class.js - Plugin Repository
============================

https://github.com/finalangel/classjs

Class.js is a JavaScript library for building class based object-oriented programms using JavaScript's prototypal
inheritance. It strives to mimic classical class inheritance provided by other languages such as Python, Java or PHP.
Its syntax is heavily inspired by MooTools's class implementation.

https://github.com/finalangel/classjs-plugins

Class.js plugins are aimed for professionals with extensive JavaScript knowledge. Each plugin follows a simplistic and
a modular approach. All plugins have demos, tests and documentation regarding their options, methods, events and
callbacks.


Documentation
-------------

| Go to `http://classjs-plugins.rtfd.org` for a full documentation.
| Please use github to report bugs or feature requests. Include a `jsfiddle <http://jsfiddle.net>`_ or equivalent example whenever possible.


License
-------

Distributed under the BSD `LICENSE <http://github.com/FinalAngel/classjs-plugins/blob/master/LICENSE.rst>`_.

Commit message:

added examples url to readme

README.rst, after:

Class.js - Plugin Repository
============================

https://github.com/finalangel/classjs

Class.js is a JavaScript library for building class based object-oriented programms using JavaScript's prototypal
inheritance. It strives to mimic classical class inheritance provided by other languages such as Python, Java or PHP.
Its syntax is heavily inspired by MooTools's class implementation.

https://github.com/finalangel/classjs-plugins

Class.js plugins are aimed for professionals with extensive JavaScript knowledge. Each plugin follows a simplistic and
a modular approach. All plugins have demos, tests and documentation regarding their options, methods, events and
callbacks.


Documentation
-------------

| Visit `http://classjs-plugins.rtfd.org` for a full documentation or go to the `demo page <http://finalangel.github.io/classjs-plugins/>`_ to view the examples.
| Please use github to report bugs or feature requests. Include a `jsfiddle <http://jsfiddle.net>`_ or equivalent example whenever possible.


License
-------

Distributed under the BSD `LICENSE <http://github.com/FinalAngel/classjs-plugins/blob/master/LICENSE.rst>`_.
